# CS-230-T3268-Operating-Platforms

#Throughout the class a Software Design Document was created, maintained and updated to make a software application for a company aptly named, The Gaming Room. This was a client who had previous success in creating a mobile app for android devices and wanted to create a web app that was a multi-platform game capable of cross communication, no matter the type of OS. The portion of the document I personally feel I did well with was the domain model, developing and expalaining the purpose of the UML Diagram. We used a Singleton Design Pattern to illustrate the elements required to create a single instance of a game session. When it came time to create the code, the UML diagram provided useful direction in the way forward to developing the code. 
#If there is a weak point in the document, it would have to be the recommendations. Some unforseen complications arose during that portion of the project and the sense of urgency to getting it done began to create more stress than anticipated. That coupled with the need to press on and complete the rest of the coursework I was not as clear-headed as I could have been and missed reviewing a few things that would have helped me in the recommendations. 
#When creating the design document, considering the customer's needs and the way they want the program to behave was the thing I tried to focus most on. From requirements to recommendations, making sure each element was going to satisfy the customer's request was in the front of my mind. Figuring out how to make a multiplayer game capable of running on a variety of operating platforms from each player's web browser was the thing I tried to keep in front of my mind from the outset. It is important to remember this to ensure the customer's needs are met. 
#I consider myself still in the learning stage of software design so I approached this project with the intention to learn and absorb as much information as I could. My hope is to retain as much as I can and add it to my growing toolbox for problem solving.
